+++
author = "Jasmine Kim"
title = "Diligent Reflection"
date = "2024-01-12"
description = "A reminder to reflect with diligence"
tags = [
    "growth"
]
categories = [
    "personal",
    "growth",
]
series = ["Themes Guide"]
aliases = ["migrate-from-jekyl"]
+++

A friend and I have talked about how we seem to grow it circles, revolving around the same mistakes, same patterns, but hopefully upwards. I used to think I was quite alone on repeating my mistakes, but it seems like a lot of us are pattern encoded humans, finding ourselves in the same old flaws perhaps due to how we were initially coded since birth.

But it's also our duty to break these cycles, once we're aware of the bad ones. We all have desires to grow and evolve into our new transformed selves, but it takes work, an awful lot of effort and due diligence, a fight against the current every single day for this change, which can be sometimes so hard or just inconvenient that we often end up asking ourselves - is this all worth it, and do I even want this change? And in retrospect, we realize we do actually have always wanted to improve, and having put in the effort to grow into a person you'd be proud of is a delightful and rewarding journey to fulfillment.

I also believe we can make it easier on us in a variety of ways. And I wanted to pinpoint and distill them to the core to remind myself, for sake of my own sanity:

1. Stand up and throw fists up in air in urgent control, once in a random while.
2. Set one goal you can achieve that day, and achieve that goal. Stretch yourself a bit more the next day.
3. Run that block and do it again, 3 more times.
4. Do dedicate and carve out at least 2 hours of your day to yourself. And strictly protect that time.
5. Always eat the veggies first. Then protein, then carbs. 
6. Put your foot down and give it its moment.
7. Take one breath, then another and speak. But for god's sake, *do* speak after that second breath.
8. Do wield your hands vertically with grace for emphasis, for fun.
9. Drink that full glass of water before stepping out or picking up coffee or anything to eat.
10. Call mom and dad whenever you think of them. Okay, at least twice a week. 
